Add link to GitHub Apps to README (#88)
renovatebot/renovate-approve-bot: README.md

# renovate-approve-bot

A GitHub App that serves only to submit approving Pull Request Reviews for PRs from [Renovate Bot](https://github.com/apps/renovate). This enables you to require Pull Request Reviews on your project while also still utilising Renovate's "automerge" benefits.

> Install it here: https://github.com/apps/renovate-approve

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using the Mend Renovate App for github.com then you can install a hosted version of this approve bot here: https://github.com/apps/renovate-approve
```
